# YouTube-Downloader
A lightweight PowerShell wrapper for yt-dlp and FFmpeg.
Create a folder titled Ytdownloader (or whatever you want.) Paste this code into Notepad then go to the top left corner where it says "File". In the dropdown click "Save As" then save it as "download.ps1" Make Sure that when you save it you save it as "All Files" not as a text file. Save it to your new folder. Left click on the file (so the little bar turns blue). Then right click on the file and in the dropdown select "Run With PowerShell". If it asks about "Execution Policy," just hit Y or A (Yes to All). It'll take a moment to get everything set up and then you can just put in whatever YouTube URL you like. It will download videos in 1080p with audio. There is no block on copyrighted content so feel free to download any song you want. This is designed to run with Windows.
Note: When you try to open the file (of the yt video you just downloaded) it may say that you have to install the AV1 Video Extension, don't worry though, it's free.

Note: Remember, yt-dlp isn't limited to just YouTube, it works for many many sites.
This script is pretty good if I may so myself, I need to update the FFmpeg source, but it will handle playlists automatically (if you put in a playlist link it will ask if you want the full thing or a single video, no more cropping links down to the &), it uses a while ($true) loop to make it so you don't have to run the script every single time, simply open, use to the fullest, then close whenever you want. It atutomatically handles yt-dlp and FFmpeg, and it automatically updates to the newest yt-dlp so you don't have a broken old one.
